Yesterday's the past, tomorrow's the future, but today is a gift. That's why it's called the present.
Bil Keane
Better three hours too soon than a minute too late.
William Shakespeare
If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?
John Wooden
Time changes everything except something within us which is always surprised by change.
Thomas Hardy
I must govern the clock, not be governed by it.
Golda Meir
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
Antoine de Saint-Exupery
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.
Benjamin Franklin
Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe.
Abraham Lincoln
If you don't know where you are going, you'll end up someplace else.
Yogi Berra
He who comes to take the love of God can have no taste for the love of the world.
Abu Bakr Siddique (ra)
The word of God is the medicine of the heart.
Imam Ali (ra)
Sit with those who love God, for that enlightens the mind.
Umar bin al-Khattab (ra)
Run away from greatness, and greatness will follow you.
Abu Bakr Siddique (ra)
There is greatness in the fear of God, contentment in faith of God, and honour in humility.
Abu Bakr Siddique (ra)
Lead such a life that, when you die, the people may mourn you, and while you are alive they long for your company.
Imam Ali (ra)
As long as you are pure of heart, you speak the truth.
Umar bin al-Khattab (ra)
Good actions are a guard againgst the blows of adversity.
Abu Bakr Siddique (ra)
Be good to others, that will protect you against evil.
Abu Bakr Siddique (ra)
If you expect the blessings of God, be good to His people.
Abu Bakr Siddique (ra)
Forgiveness is the crown of greatness.
Imam Ali (ra)
Earning a livelihood by following some profession is better than living on charity.
Umar bin al-Khattab (ra)
When you offer any Sadaqah to a beggar, do it with humility and respect, for what you are offering is an offer to Allah (swt).
Abu Bakr Siddique (ra)
One should not feel happy at the acquisition of wealth, nor should be grieved at its loss.
Uthman Ghani (ra)
Yesterday is gone. Tomorrow has not yet come. We have only today. Let us begin.
Mother Teresa
You can have it all. Just not all at once.
Oprah Winfrey
They say I'm old-fashioned, and live in the past, but sometimes I think progress progresses too fast!
Dr. Seuss
Don't spend time beating on a wall, hoping to transform it into a door.
Coco Chanel
This is a new year. A new beginning. And things will change.
Taylor Swift
Don't waste your time with explanations: people only hear what they want to hear.
Paulo Coelho
Time is an illusion.
Albert Einstein
Time is a created thing. To say 'I don't have time,' is like saying, 'I don't want to.
Lao Tzu
You may delay, but time will not.
Benjamin Franklin
Don't let the fear of the time it will take to accomplish something stand in the way of your doing it. The time will pass anyway; we might just as well put that passing time to the best possible use.
Earl Nightingale
At the end of your life, you will never regret not having passed one more test, not winning one more verdict or not closing one more deal. You will regret time not spent with a husband, a friend, a child, or a parent.
Barbara Bush
Time is what we want most, but what we use worst.
William Penn
If you want to focus more on Allah in your prayers, focus more on Him outside your prayers.
Yasmin Mogahed
Indeed, Allah will not change the condition of a people until they change what is in themselves.
Qur’an, 13:11
After asking Allah to guide you to the straight path, don’t just stand there … start walking!
Albaz Poetry
Yesterday I was clever, so I wanted to change the world. Today I am wise, so I am changing myself.
Rumi
The capacity to learn is a gift; the ability to learn is a skill; the willingness to learn is a choice.
@IslamicThinking
Allah knows exactly what to give you to help you return to Him. The events in your life are purposeful, appropriate & non-random.
Shaykh Hamza Yusuf
My sin burdened me heavily. But when I measured it against Your Grace, O Lord, Your forgiveness came out greater.
Imam Shafii
There are two blessings which many people lose: (They are) health and free time for doing good.
Sahih Bukhari
Then when you have taken a decision, put your trust in Allah.
Qur’an, 3:159
Meet the people in such a manner that if you die, they should weep for you, and if you live, they should long for you.
Ali Ibn Abi Talib
Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom.
Thomas Jefferson
We either make ourselves miserable or we make ourselves strong. The amount of work is the same.
Carlos Castaneda
Think as little as possible about yourself and as much as possible about other people.
Eleanor Roosevelt
Service to others is the rent you pay here for your room on earth.
Muhammad Ali
Try not to become a man of success but rather to become a man of value.
Einstein